Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away! Hey, whatcha watching? I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?

Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs? You're going to do his laundry? Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

Hey, whatcha watching? Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will 'destroy' you! You're going to do his laundry? We don't have a brig. Belligerent and numerous.

Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Can we have Bender Burgers again? Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very…

You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! I just told you! You've killed me!

I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo. Fatal. Wow, you got that off the Internet? In my day, the Internet was only used to download pornography.

Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! So, how 'bout them Knicks? Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera.

We don't have a brig. For example, if you killed your grandfather, you'd cease to exist! Come, Comrade Bender! We must take to the streets! Fatal. And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! But existing is basically all I do! I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo. In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells.

How much did you make me? Say what? Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. Yes! In your face, Gandhi! I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in.

Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say. Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?