That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? Ow, my spirit! I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon.

Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose. We're rescuing ya. Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets? For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.

Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments." Belligerent and numerous. With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! Say it in Russian!

Meh. And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you? I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.

Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Now what? I feel like I was mauled by Jesus. WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT! Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments."

Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Bender, we're trying our best.

Shut up and get to the point! You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Throw her in the brig.

Do a flip! OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. No, I'm Santa Claus! Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression!

Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Also Zoidberg. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.

There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo!