OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to pay ''them'!

Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! That's the ONLY thing about being a slave. Bender, you risked your life to save me! Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?

We don't have a brig. But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! But I've never been to the moon! This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry!

I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him. Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere? Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court!

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! What kind of a father would I be if I said no? Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun!

File not found. The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate. No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires!

You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! Kids have names? I'll get my kit! Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will 'destroy' you!

Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Yes! In your face, Gandhi! Hello Morbo, how's the family? That's not soon enough!

Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me. Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems. I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later.

Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will 'destroy' you! I love you, buddy! Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be…

Is that a cooking show? Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Anyone who laughs is a communist! Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! And I'm his friend Jesus.